ReadMe for “Habitat temperature parameters.R”The following ReadMe gives a brief overview of how to use “Habitat temperature parameters.R”. Please note that running this script is not strictly necessary for the populations in the manuscript as all habitat temperature parameters already exist in “Habitat temperature parameters.csv” in the “Model Parameters” folder. Also, please note that the nonlinear least squares regression function nls in R must be given a ‘start’ list of rough parameter estimates. To do this efficiently, this script uses the parameter estimates in “Habitat temperature parameters.csv” in the ‘start’ list of nls, which is a circular method for parameter estimation. All parameters, however, were initially estimated by providing rough estimates in the ‘start’ list of nls, and can thus be estimated a priori by ‘seeding’ each parameter column in “Habitat temperature parameters.csv” with a rough estimate of each parameter.Input: User-defined location for climate data or all = TRUEOutput: Updated “Habitat temperature parameters.csv” file (if save = TRUE) or print out (if save = FALSE) with the habitat temperature parameters for either a specified population (if all = FALSE) or all populations (if all = FALSE)To run: 1. Update variable location (line 12) with location name from “Habitat temperature parameters.csv” (if a new population is added, please add relevant information to a new line in “Habitat temperature parameters.csv” and then ‘seed’ the parameter columns by adding a rough estimate of each parameter (used for the “start” list in nls in order to estimate parameters via nonlinear regression). Set all = TRUE if the script is to be run for all locations in “Habitat temperature parameters.csv”  or set all = FALSE if the script is to be run just for the specified location.2. To save parameter fits (over existing values in “Habitat temperature parameters.csv”), change save from FALSE to TRUE in line 163. Run the scriptPotential issues:* The script only works if the working directory (see line 9) is in the main folder of the downloaded GitHub repo* The variable location (line 12) must exist within “Habitat temperature parameters.csv” and match the “Location” column exactly* Some modifications to the “start” list in nls (lines 63, 66) may be needed for new populations not in “Habitat temperature parameters.csv”Script details:Lines 5-9	Load required packages and set working directoryLines 11-16	Have user enter required informationLines 18-44	Read in, and then find selected population in, “Habitat temperature parameters.csv”Lines 46-58	Quantify daily mean temperatures from climate data for recent and future periodLines 60-71	Fit habitat parameters via nls and assess whether climate change parameters should be set to zero in the future (see manuscript)Lines 73-85	Assign model parameters and end for loopLines 87-94	Save model parameters (if desired) or print model fits for a specified species       