ReadMe for “DDE population dynamics.py”The following ReadMe gives a brief overview of how to use “DDE population dynamics.py”. Please note that running this script is not strictly necessary for the populations in the manuscript as all population dynamics data already exist in the “Time series data” and “Time series data DI” folders. Input: User-defined species name and location for a population (or all = True)Output: Updated CSV files containing population dynamics data (if save = True)To run: 1. Update variable species (line 36) and location (line 37) with a species name and location from “Temperature response parameters.csv”. Set all = True in line 38 if the script is to be run for all populations or set all = False if the script is to be run just for the specified population.2. Set recent = True for the recent time period or recent = False for the future time period in line 41. 3. To save population dynamics (over existing files), change save from False to True in line 48.4. To include competition in the model, set competition to True in line 51. (Note that if competition = False, the script will model density-independent population dynamics, which will then be saved in the “Time series data DI” folder (if save = True).5. To run models for validation with field census data, set census to True in line 54 (note that field census data was found only for Clavigralla shadabi and Apolygus lucorum). 6. Set or confirm the paths to “Temperature response parameters.csv” and “Habitat temperature parameters.csv” in lines 58 and 59.7. Run the script by pressing the green ‘play’ button.Potential issues:* Several error messages and potential solutions are listed in lines 4-13* The variable species (line 36) and location (line 37) must exist within “Temperature response parameters.csv” and match the “Population” and “Location” columns exactly* The script downloads the ‘jitcdde’ package from GitHub (https://github.com/neurophysik/jitcdde) if it is not installed. It may, however, be necessary to download and install the package directly.* The script only works if the working directory (line 32) is in the main folder of the GitHub repoScript details:Lines 1-13	Potential error messages and potential solutionsLines 16-32	Download (if necessary) and import necessary packages and set working directoryLines 35-54	Have user enter required informationLines 57-58	Input temperature response parameters and habitat temperature parametersLines 62-88	Define model parameters and select populationLines 91-145	Start loop (for multiple populations), set minimum tolerance to avoid integration errors (must be higher for Myzus persicae in Canada Chatham and Aulacorthum solani in US Ithaca) and assign temperature response parameters and habitat temperature parametersLines 148-178	Define habitat temperature and temperature response functionsLines 181-206	Define the delay differential equations (DDE) model and run the DDE solverLines 209-249	Save population dynamics data (if desired), plot population dynamics, and exit loop when the model has been run for specified population or for all populations